doc: nrf53: Multi-image DFU section (#5637)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf5340.rst

   :start-after: fota_upgrades_start
   :end-before: fota_upgrades_end

Simultaneous multi-image DFU
****************************

The simultaneous update of multiple images is available for testing since |NCS| v1.7.0.

> It allows both the application core and the network core to be updated at the same run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows the updating of both the application core and the network core in one go.
```

> To enable the simultaneous update of multiple images, set the following options:

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that they need to be set for MCUboot config ?

Author: Reworded some things. Should be better now.

> To enable the simultaneous update of multiple images set the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the simultaneous update of multiple images, set the following options:
```

> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_BOOT_UPGRADE_ONLY` - The simultaneous update of multiple images does not support network core image reversion so it is recommended to disable application image reversion.

Reviewer 2: I think these options would not be enough (configuration is a bit more complicated). I would refer to existing samples for Thingy:53 and test that was introduced by Hakon instead of going into defails here.

Reviewer 2: e.g. we must enable FLASH simulator for MCUboot and configure it properly.
The external FLASH must be used too I think

Author: The reference to thingy is at line 583.

Which other options are needed?

Author: Ignore anything related to flash configuration etc. Only the bootloader options. Only specific for this feature (so no multithreading or anything like that).

> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_BOOT_UPGRADE_ONLY` - The simultaneous update of multiple images does not support network core image reversion so it is recommended to disable application image reversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BOOT_UPGRADE_ONLY` - The simultaneous update of multiple images does not support network core image reversion, so you need to disable application image reversion.
```

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_PCD_APP` - Enable commands exchange with the network core.

> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_UPDATEABLE_IMAGE_NUMBER` - Enable support for multiple updatatable images by setting this option to ``2``.

Reviewer 3: Maybe: `Enable simultaneous support...`
Update of both Application and Network images was supported in NCS already, just not simultaneously

Reviewer: The current definition is correct if the same config is used for both simultaneous and separate updating of multiple images.

Though there is a typo: "updatatable" -> "updatable".

Author: I changed images to partitions. I am not sure we should say simultaneous here. This option allows multiple update slots to exist at the same time (if I understand it correctly) so it will allow simultaneous update in the end. But by itself it's not enough to make simultaneous update.

Author: typo is fixed

> Additionally, the memory partitions for secondary images for both the application and the network core must be defined.

Reviewer 2: I would say in general that memory partitions must be defined. We also define RAM partitions for PCD SRAM and primary partition for netcore in MCUboot (the one that uses simulated flash)

Author: Please see how it looks now.

> Additionally the memory partitions for secondary images for both the application and the network core must be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the memory partitions for secondary images for both the application and the network core must be defined.
```

> For an example of such configuration, refer to :ref:`ug_thingy53`.

Reviewer: Should this point to the application guide section?

Reviewer 4: I also find this information confusing, because the planned additions to release notes state:
```
The support for the simultaneous multi-image DFU for nRF53 Series was added.
Refer to :ref:`ug_nrf5340` and :ref:`ug_thingy53` for more information and a configuration example.
```
But where exactly this "more information" and "configuration example" is to be found in ug_thingy53?

Author: Thought about it but there are two at least several places we could point to. One is information about images and update. Second is application configuration requirements.
This is why I though it would be better to create section in this rst instead of pointing directly to thiny53 ug (as I originally thought).
I think we need to review this rst files after the release and check how things fit together. Some things do not have documentation so I have nothing to refer to.

Reviewer: After the release, we could probably create a new document that covers all the matters that are the same between the DK and Thingy:53.

Reviewer 4: But is this "configuration example" in the ug_thingy53 or it is not there? You say it is, so can we point to the section where it is described there?

Author: Discussed off-line. I have reworded the reference. Also added few more information that should help readers to find the right door.

> For the example of such configuration refer to :ref:`ug_thingy53`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of such configuration, refer to :ref:`ug_thingy53`.
```
Is there a more specific part of the page to link to? The page is very long, and on a quick skim only the application guide part talks about memory partition.

> FW update binaries container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container for firmware update binaries
```

============================

> The build system will automatically place both the application core and network core update binaries (:file:`app_update.bin` and :file:`net_core_app_update.bin`) into a container package named :file:`dfu_application.zip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build system will automatically place both the application core and the network core update binaries (:file:`app_update.bin` and :file:`net_core_app_update.bin`) into a container package named :file:`dfu_application.zip`.
```

> This container package can be used by update tools to pass both images during the process of the simultaneous update of multiple images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This container package can be used by update tools to pass both images during the simultaneous update of multiple images.
```
"can be used" or "is used"? I was under the impression that the container is the only option for multi-image update.

   :start-after: fota_upgrades_start
   :end-before: fota_upgrades_end

Simultaneous multi-image DFU
****************************

The simultaneous update of multiple images is available for testing since |NCS| v1.7.0.
It allows the updating of both the application core and the network core in one go.

To enable the simultaneous update of multiple images in the MCUboot, set the following options:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BOOT_UPGRADE_ONLY` - The simultaneous update of multiple images does not support network core image reversion, so you need to disable application image reversion.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_PCD_APP` - Enable commands exchange with the network core.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_UPDATEABLE_IMAGE_NUMBER` - Enable support for multiple update partitions by setting this option to ``2``.

To enable the simultaneous update of multiple images in the application, in addition to enabling the MCUboot support, set the following options:

> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_UPDATEABLE_IMAGE_NUMBER` - Enable support for multiple update partitions by setting this option to ``2``.

Reviewer: Is the same option supposed to be in both places?

Author: yes
